Remove "preview" terminology from PQs (#565)
apollographql/docs: src/content/graphos/basics/operations/persisted-queries.mdx

<GraphOSEnterpriseRequired />

> GraphQL APIs are broadly open by design. While allowing freeform requests expedites client development, it necessitates securing your graph against potentially malicious requests. 

Author: I feel combining this into one sentence makes it a little tough to digest, but agree that it reads a little awkwardly right now. This should be better:

```suggestion
GraphQL APIs are broadly open by design to provide flexibility and efficiency in client development. However, this openness also introduces the risk of potentially malicious requests and the subsequent need to secure your graph.
```
